But it's not working.
Listen carefully.
I'll pick a hostage at random
and kill them in ten minutes.
What?
And that student's death
will be all on you.
Hello?
Turn the volume up!
Turn it up!
"Student"? He definitely said student.
Are you really going to kill them?
I should.
Who do you think we should kill?
The one who called us communist bastards…
Shouldn't we kill that one first?
So you're saying
we should kill Eun Yeong-ro first, right?
Okay.
Kill her.
It's not working, is it?
Why can't I hear anything?
The wiretapping in Area 2-4 is cut off.
What?
Eun Yeong-ro's
the daughter of the ANSP director.
Which means she's our lifeline.
-Area 2-4…
-Area 2-2 is cut off.
-Can any sniper see her?
-What?
I repeat. Area 2-4--
-Hey, An!
-Yes, sir.
One moment, sir.
Area 2-3 is not working as well!
Forget that.
Area 1-1 is not working as well!
Don't just say that!
Find the ones still working!
Check if there's any working!
Hurry up.
What the hell are you doing?
Please.
Damn it.
Hey.
I got rid of all the bugs.
You can talk freely now.
What's going on?
Lim Soo-ho?
This is the ANSP director.